Docs - develop - add destroy alias and foundry examples (#1454)
iotaledger/wallet.rs: documentation/docs/how_tos/outputs_and_transactions/06_destroy_alias_output.mdx

import TabItem from "@theme/TabItem";
import NodejsCode from "../../_admonitions/_guide_coming_soon.md";
import NodejsOutput from "../../_admonitions/_guide_coming_soon.md";
import PythonCode from "../../_admonitions/_guide_coming_soon.md";
import PythonOutput from "../../_admonitions/_guide_coming_soon.md";
import RustCode from  "../../libraries/rust/how_to/outputs_and_transactions/_16_destroy_alias_output/_code_sample.mdx";
import RustOutput from  "../../libraries/rust/how_to/outputs_and_transactions/_16_destroy_alias_output/_expected_output.md";

You can destroy an alias output by ID using the `Account.destroy_alias(alias_id, options)` function. Any outputs
controlled by the alias will be swept unless they have a
[storage deposit return](https://wiki.iota-community.org/shimmer/introduction/develop/explanations/ledger/simple_transfers#storage-deposit-returns-in-transfers),
[time-lock](https://wiki.iota-community.org/shimmer/introduction/develop/explanations/ledger/simple_transfers#timelocking-funds-in-transfers)
or [expiration unlock](https://wiki.iota-community.org/shimmer/introduction/develop/explanations/ledger/simple_transfers#transfer-of-funds-with-expiration)

> conditions.

Reviewer: I'm currently about to change this https://github.com/iotaledger/wallet.rs/pull/1440
If there are outputs owned by the alias, then the user will get an error, because he should take care of them himself before

> You can destroy an alias output by ID using the `Account.destroy_alias(alias_id, options)` function. Any outputs
> controlled by the alias will be swept unless they have a
> [storage deposit return](https://wiki.iota-community.org/shimmer/introduction/develop/explanations/ledger/simple_transfers#storage-deposit-returns-in-transfers),
> [time-lock](https://wiki.iota-community.org/shimmer/introduction/develop/explanations/ledger/simple_transfers#timelocking-funds-in-transfers)
> or [expiration unlock](https://wiki.iota-community.org/shimmer/introduction/develop/explanations/ledger/simple_transfers#transfer-of-funds-with-expiration)
> conditions.

Author: @Thoralf-M , thanks for catching this :)   Does this sound better?
```suggestion
You can destroy an alias output by ID using the `Account.destroy_alias(alias_id, options)` function. If the alias still owns any outputs when you try to destroy it, you will get an error.   
```

Reviewer: `owns` would maybe be better instead of `has`, but otherwise should be good
